README.md, before:

# electron-quick-start

**Clone and run for a quick way to see Electron in action.**

This is a minimal Electron application based on the [Quick Start Guide](http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/quick-start) within the Electron documentation.

**Use this app along with the [Electron API Demos](http://electron.atom.io/#get-started) app for API code examples to help you get started.**

A basic Electron application needs just these files:

- `package.json` - Points to the app's main file and lists its details and dependencies.
- `main.js` - Starts the app and creates a browser window to render HTML. This is the app's **main process**.
- `index.html` - A web page to render. This is the app's **renderer process**.

You can learn more about each of these components within the [Quick Start Guide](http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/quick-start).

## To Use

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start
# Go into the repository
cd electron-quick-start
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run the app
npm start
```

Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/).

## Other Example Apps

For more example apps, see the
[list of boilerplates](http://electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates)
created by the awesome electron community.

#### License [CC0 1.0 (Public Domain)](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

update readme with links to more guides and examples

README.md, after:

# electron-quick-start

**Clone and run for a quick way to see Electron in action.**

This is a minimal Electron application based on the [Quick Start Guide](http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/quick-start) within the Electron documentation.

**Use this app along with the [Electron API Demos](http://electron.atom.io/#get-started) app for API code examples to help you get started.**

A basic Electron application needs just these files:

- `package.json` - Points to the app's main file and lists its details and dependencies.
- `main.js` - Starts the app and creates a browser window to render HTML. This is the app's **main process**.
- `index.html` - A web page to render. This is the app's **renderer process**.

You can learn more about each of these components within the [Quick Start Guide](http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/quick-start).

## To Use

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start
# Go into the repository
cd electron-quick-start
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run the app
npm start
```

## Resources for Learning Electron

- [electron.atom.io/docs](http://electron.atom.io/docs) - all of Electron's documentation
- [electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates](http://electron.atom.io/community/#boilerplates) - sample starter apps created by the community
- [electron/electron-quick-start](https://github.com/electron/electron-quick-start) - a very basic starter Electron app
- [electron/simple-samples](https://github.com/electron/simple-samples) - small applications with ideas for taking them further
- [electron/electron-api-demos](https://github.com/electron/electron-api-demos) - an Electron app that teaches you how to use Electron
- [hokein/electron-sample-apps](https://github.com/hokein/electron-sample-apps) - small demo apps for the various Electron APIs

## License

[CC0 1.0 (Public Domain)](LICENSE.md)
